feat: data from central bucket (#682)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/sb.rst

* ``solving.solver_options``: Solver-specific parameters such as optimality gap and
  memory limits.

.. _tyndp_archive:

Data Sources
------------

By default, Open-TYNDP retrieves input datasets from ``data.pypsa.org`` (``archive`` source)

> or their original primary sources. As an alternative, most datasets are also mirrored to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or their original primary sources, meaning data is pulled from several different domains. As an alternative, most datasets are also mirrored to a
```

dedicated Google Cloud Storage bucket (``open-tyndp-data-store``) under the ``tyndp-archive``

> source. This requires no account and provides stable, versioned URLs for full reproducibility.

Reviewer: just to be a bit clearer what "This" means
```suggestion
source. This mirror consolidates downloads to a single URL, which can simplify IT or security approval processes. The Google Cloud Storage requires no account and all files are versioned for reproducibility.
```
